[docs] Add improvements to Expo Go associated READMEs (#36428)
expo/expo: apps/expo-go/README.md

For Android, run `./gradlew app:assembleDebug` in the `apps/expo-go/android` directory.

For iOS:

> - set `DEV_KERNEL_SOURCE` to `LOCAL` in `EXBuildConstants.plist`. You may need to copy `EXBuildConstants.plist.example` to `EXBuildConstants.plist` if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: this is a little strange. do you remember if there was any error from the `et ios-generate-dynamic-macros` step?

because internal the `et ios-generate-dynamic-macros` will generate the **EXBuildConstants.plist** file based on example

Author: The below `EACCES` error was happening in that script, and I fixed that error _after_ manually copying the plist. So this probably isn't needed?

> - install CocaPods dependencies by with `pod install` (or `npx pod-install`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- install CocoaPods dependencies by with `pod install` (or `et pods`).
```

run `rm -rf ./react-native-lab/react-native/node_modules`

- If you're seeing C++ related errors, run `find . -name ".cxx" -type d -prune -exec rm -rf '{}' +` which clears `.cxx` build artifacts. Alternatively, use the "nuke" approach below.

> - If you see `Command PhaseScriptExecution failed with a nonzero exit code`, then check the Report navigator in XCode. If you see something like `Error: EACCES: permission denied, open 'YOUR_DIRECTORY/apps/expo-go/.expo/settings.json.123456` when building in XCode, then you started the expo dev server with `sudo`, probably to run on port `80`. Delete the `.expo` directory, run `yarn start` without `sudo` and it should work. You can run `sudo yarn start` once the `.expo` directory exists and you have the correct permissions.

Reviewer: what's your operating system? as far as i know, from newer macos (maybe since Mojave), we don't need sudo to bind a port under 1024. so the `npx serve -l 80` should work without sudo.

i guess you once tried to run either `yarn start` or `npx expo start --port 80` with sudo and left files with root owner under the **.expo* directory.

Author: I'm running macos Sierra! When running `yarn start` without sudo it generates the following error:

```
› Admin permissions are required to run a server on a port below 1024 being used by another process
```

I assume this is because Laravel Herd / some other nginx server is also trying to bind `:80`? You're totally correct on the second part though, the sudo user created the files and so the XCode build failed.

Reviewer: oh yes, before macos mojave (sierra fits in the case), it requires permission to bind ports under 1024.

i don't really like to introduce `sudo` here because it's too powerful and risky. and you sometimes need sudo again to cleanup temporary files.

i would rather recommend to support running expo-go home dev-server other than port 80. it actually touchs some legacy code though.

```diff
diff --git a/apps/expo-go/package.json b/apps/expo-go/package.json
index 4a6b89e719..174d39889e 100644
--- a/apps/expo-go/package.json
+++ b/apps/expo-go/package.json
@@ -7,7 +7,7 @@
   "scripts": {
     "test": "jest",
     "lint": "eslint .",
-    "start": "expo start --port 80",
+    "start": "expo start --port 8088",
     "generate-graphql-code": "graphql-codegen --config graphql-codegen.yml"
   },
   "author": "Expo",
diff --git a/tools/src/dynamic-macros/macros.ts b/tools/src/dynamic-macros/macros.ts
index 7ed842ec1d..5baa8660e6 100644
--- a/tools/src/dynamic-macros/macros.ts
+++ b/tools/src/dynamic-macros/macros.ts
@@ -106,6 +106,17 @@ function kernelManifestAndAssetRequestHeadersObjectToJson(obj: {
   return JSON.stringify(obj);
 }

+/**
+ * Supports Expo Go home dev-server running on port 8088.
+ */
+function updateManifestUrlForExpoGo(manifestUrl: string): string {
+  const url = new URL(manifestUrl);
+  if (url.port === '80') {
+    url.port = '8088';
+  }
+  return url.toString();
+}
+
 export default {
   async TEST_APP_URI() {
     if (process.env.TEST_SUITE_URI) {
@@ -199,7 +210,7 @@ export default {
       return '';
     }

-    const url = await UrlUtils.constructManifestUrlAsync(EXPO_GO_DIR);
+    const url = updateManifestUrlForExpoGo(await UrlUtils.constructManifestUrlAsync(EXPO_GO_DIR));

     try {
       const manifestAndAssetRequestHeaders = await getManifestAsync(url, platform);
```

Author: Sorry I meat Sequoia not Sierra 😅. Using `8080` seems perfect.

Reviewer: cool, do you want to update this pr for patch i shared to run dev server on the other port?

Author: Sorry, this fell off my radar last week. Pushed!
